Migrate 'Offline Jenkins Installation' from wiki (#3380)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/book/installing/index.adoc

include::doc/book/installing/_setup-wizard.adoc[]

=== Offline Jenkins Installation

This section describes how to install Jenkins on a machine
that does not have an internet connection.

To install Jenkins itself, download the appropriate war file and
transfer it to your machine.

Plugins are a different matter, due to dependency requirements. 

The recommended approach is to use link:https://github.com/jenkinsci/plugin-installation-manager-tool[Plugin Installation Manager Tool].

If you want to transfer the individual plugins, you'll need to retrieve

> all dependencies as well. There are several dependency retrieval scripts
> on Github. For example:
> 
> * https://gist.github.com/micw/e80d739c6099078ce0f3 bash script
> * https://gist.github.com/chuxau/6bc42f0f271704cd4e91 forked from above
> * https://gist.github.com/Lucasus/1a6b8df71425c790361c requires Node
> * https://github.com/samrocketman/jenkins-bootstrap-shared only Java is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
all dependencies as well. There are several dependency retrieval scripts and tools
on Github. For example:

* link:https://github.com/jenkinsci/docker/blob/master/install-plugins.sh[install-plugins.sh] - Bash script for managing plugins from the official Docker image for Jenkins
* link:https://github.com/samrocketman/jenkins-bootstrap-shared[samrocketman/jenkins-bootstrap-shared] - Java
```

include::doc/book/installing/_setup-wizard.adoc[]

=== Offline Jenkins Installation

This section describes how to install Jenkins on a machine
that does not have an internet connection.

To install Jenkins itself, download the appropriate war file and
transfer it to your machine.

Plugins are a different matter, due to dependency requirements. Two
obvious choices are: +
1) Install Jenkins and add required plugins on a network-attached
computer. Make an archive of the Jenkins directory structure and
transfer it to the offline machine. +
2) Transfer Jenkins and plugin files separately and install on offline
computer.

If you want to transfer the individual plugins, you'll need to retrieve

> all dependencies as well. There are several dependency retrieval scripts

Reviewer: I suggest to replace the scripts in this section by https://github.com/jenkinsci/plugin-installation-manager-tool

Reviewer 2: Agreed.  I wonder if @stopalopa would be willing to help in this week's Hackfest efforts?  She might have really good recommendations to improve this section

Author: @oleg-nenashev 
So here the step to install the Jenkins will remain same.
But for plugin installation I can provide a link to https://github.com/jenkinsci/plugin-installation-manager-tool

Is that what you meant?

Author: @oleg-nenashev 
Updated please have a look

on Github. For example:

* https://gist.github.com/micw/e80d739c6099078ce0f3 bash script
* https://gist.github.com/chuxau/6bc42f0f271704cd4e91 forked from above
* https://gist.github.com/Lucasus/1a6b8df71425c790361c requires Node

> * https://github.com/samrocketman/jenkins-bootstrap-shared only Java is

Reviewer: This one we could keep, CC @samrocketman

Author: @oleg-nenashev @MarkEWaite @samrocketman 
I am waiting for your inputs

Reviewer: @rathneesh https://github.com/jenkins-infra/jenkins.io/pull/3380/files#r432399018
